Update README.md (#66)
nwjs/npm-installer: README.md

> An installer for [nw.js](https://github.com/nwjs/nw.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An installer for [NW.js](https://nwjs.io).
```

> > nw.js is an app runtime based on Chromium and node.js. For building desktop applications that will run on OSX, Windows and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NW.js is a runtime-environment based on Chromium and Node.js. It is used to build desktop applications that run on Windows, OSX, and Linux.
```

> [![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/nw.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/nw/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![npm](https://nodei.co/npm/nw.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/nw/)
```
